There will be a party at a friend’s home tomorrow, so I made an apple pie.
When I gave Takeshi-san a slice, he said that with a pie as sweet as the one I made, everyone aside from himself at the party would enjoy it.
He said that my baking had become Americanized.
It’s true that compared to the cakes and pies in America, Japanese desserts are usually much less sweet.
At first I didn’t bake things this sweet.
But now, I feel that unless I make my desserts sweet, they would be unsatisfactory.
If I get used to all this sweet stuff, I won’t want to eat pastries when I return to Japan.
If I don’t cool it I could get fat and Takeshi-san won’t like me.
I’ll have to start another diet tomorrow!
Hee, hee.